---
layout: product
type: product
date: 2022-07-24
category: iPads
# Customizable details
brand: Apple
model: iPad Air 2 (2015) - Wi-Fi
yom: 2015
price: 147.00
original-price: 499.00
img: assets/img/ipads/ipad.png
condition: 4
special-remarks:
  - Shell- Light but visible scratches
  - Screen- May have micro scratches that are invisible when the device is on
seller: en-Tech
specifications:
  - Black
  - A13 bionic chip
  - 64 GB storage
  - 4 GB RAM
  - Dual 12 MP Wide and Ultra Wide, Wide-angle:ƒ/1.8 aperture, Ultra-wide:ƒ/2.4 aperture
  - Built-in rechargeable lithium-ion battery
  - 6.84 oz
features:
  - As low as $24/mo
  - 12 months warranty
  - Verified refurbished
tags:
  - Black
  - 11
  - 64 GB
---

### PERFORMANCE

Dubbed one of the most affordable iPhones to ever be released, the iPhone 11 has nearly everything you need packaged in a sleek design and at a fraction of the price. The performance in this model is comparable to the Pro and Pro Max models, backed by the freaky fast A13 Bionic chip. Jump back and forth between apps and functions with ease, stream videos effortlessly and sharpen your gaming skills with the all-new Apple Arcade. This model is equipped with a major software update that includes a fully revamped Photos app and a dark viewing mode. All of this can be used and enjoyed on a powerful all-day battery charge.

### CAMERA

This phone makes it pretty difficult to take a bad photo, no matter what your photography experience is. The iPhone 11 features a brand new 120-degree ultra-wide-angle lens to take cinematic pictures with a single finger tap. This is in included in the new ultra-wide 12-MP camera lens, the same main camera as the iPhone Pro and iPhone Pro Max models. Take stunning, studio-level portraits in the popular Portrait mode with the TrueDepth feature, take your pick of the many shots captured in HDR and burst modes, forget about shaky pics and video with optical image stabilization and shoot clean 4K video all on the iPhone 11.

### WHAT'S INCLUDED

- 30-point quality inspection
- Easy 30-day returns
- Charger included
- No contracts or strings attached
